expand disk using console and cli (#400)
EventStore/documentation: event-sourcing-basics/rolling-snapshots.md

The solution is to use a rolling snapshot to place a denormalization of the state at a given point. It is then possible to play the events from that point forward to load the aggregate.

> The process of rebuilding an aggregate changes when using rolling snapshots. Instead of reading forward from the beginning of time, one reads _backwards_, pushing the events on to a stack until there are no more events left, or a snapshot is found. The snapshot is then applied and the successor events popped off the stack and applied, until the stack is empty.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
The process of rebuilding an aggregate changes when using rolling snapshots. Instead of reading forward from the beginning of time, you read _backwards_, pushing the events on to a stack until there are no more events left, or a snapshot is found. The snapshot is then applied and the successor events popped off the stack and applied, until the stack is empty.
```

I love the fact you changed this to active voice, but for consistency, I've changed it to "you"

Reviewer 2: :shipit: ;)
